<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# str

```go
import "github.com/periaate/blume/core/str"
```

Package str provides type constraints and functions for string types.

## Index

- [func Contains\[S \~string\]\(args ...S\) gen.Predicate\[S\]](<#Contains>)
- [func HasPrefix\(args ...string\) gen.Predicate\[string\]](<#HasPrefix>)
- [func HasSuffix\(args ...string\) gen.Predicate\[string\]](<#HasSuffix>)
- [func Limit\[T \~string | \~\[\]any\]\(Max T, args \[\]T\) \(res \[\]T\)](<#Limit>)
- [func Replace\(pats ...string\) gen.Monadic\[string, string\]](<#Replace>)
- [func SplitWithAll\(str string, keep bool, match ...string\) \(res \[\]string\)](<#SplitWithAll>)


<a name="Contains"></a>
## func Contains

```go
func Contains[S ~string](args ...S) gen.Predicate[S]
```

Contains returns a predicate that checks if the input string contains any of the given substrings.

<a name="HasPrefix"></a>
## func HasPrefix

```go
func HasPrefix(args ...string) gen.Predicate[string]
```

HasPrefix returns a predicate that checks if the input string has any of the given prefixes.

<a name="HasSuffix"></a>
## func HasSuffix

```go
func HasSuffix(args ...string) gen.Predicate[string]
```

HasSuffix returns a predicate that checks if the input string has any of the given suffixes.

<a name="Limit"></a>
## func Limit

```go
func Limit[T ~string | ~[]any](Max T, args []T) (res []T)
```

Limit filters the args to be less than or equal to the given Max length.

<a name="Replace"></a>
## func Replace

```go
func Replace(pats ...string) gen.Monadic[string, string]
```

Replace replaces any found sub strings with the patterns given. Must have an even number of patterns. \{from, to\} Replacement done in the given order.

<a name="SplitWithAll"></a>
## func SplitWithAll

```go
func SplitWithAll(str string, keep bool, match ...string) (res []string)
```

SplitWithAll splits given string into an array, using all other \`match\` strings as delimiters. String is matched using the longest delimiter first. If no match strings are given, the original string is returned. If no matches are found, the original string is returned. Matched delimiters are not included in the result. If a found match would add a zero\-length string to the result, it is ignored. Any consecutive matches are treated as one. If an empty match string is given \(i.e. ""\), every character is split. Keep argument determines whether the split part is included in the split part.

Generated by [gomarkdoc](<https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc>)
